1. Write a program to print all the LEADERS in the array. An element is leader if it is greater than all the elements to its right side. And the rightmost element is always a leader. For example int the array {16, 19, 4, 3, 8, 3}, leaders are 19, 8 and 3?





2. Given an array arr[] of integers, find out the difference between any two elements such that larger element appears after the smaller number in arr[]. Examples: If array is [2, 3, 10, 6, 4, 8, 1] then returned value should be 8 (Diff between 10 and 2). If array is [ 7, 9, 5, 6, 3, 2 ] then returned value should be 2 (Diff between 7 and 9)





3. Longest prefix which is also suffix
Given a string s, find length of the longest prefix which is also suffix. The prefix and suffix should not overlap.

Examples:

Input : aabcdaabc
Output : 4
The string "aabc" is the longest
prefix which is also suffix.

Input : abcab
Output : 2

Input : aaaa
Output : 2






4.Find the number closest to n and divisible by m
Given two integers n and m. The problem is to find the number closest to n and divisible by m. If there are more than one such number, then output the one having maximum absolute value. If n is completely divisible by m, then output n only. Time complexity of O(1) is required.






5.Given a string consisting of only 0, 1, A, B, C where
A = AND
B = OR
C = XOR
Calculate the value of the string assuming no order of precedence and evaluation is done from left to right.

Constraints – The length of string will be odd. It will always be a valid string.

Input : 1A0B1
Output : 1
1 AND 0 OR 1 = 1

Input : 1C1B1B0A0
Output : 0





6. Write a program to find out total marks obtained by a student if the student gets 3 marks for the correct answer and -1 for the wrong answer?



7. You’re given a function –

char *CompressString(char* str);

The function accepts a string as an argument that may contain repetitive characters. Implement the function to modify and return the input string, such that each character once, along with the count of consecutive occurrence. Do not append count if the character occurs only once.

Note – 

The string will only contain lowercase English Alphabets
If you have to manipulate the input string in place you cant use another string
Assumption – 

No character will occur consecutively more than 9 times.

Example – 

input – aaaaabbbccccccccdaa

OutPut – a4b2c7da1

8. You’re given a function,

char * ConvertToPalindrome(char* str)

The function accepts a string str, implement the function to find and return the minimum characters required to append at the end of str to make it a palindrome

Assumptions – 

The string will only contain lowercase English Alphabets

Note – 

If string is already a palindrome then return NULL
You have to find the minimum characters required to append at the end of the string to make it a palindrome
Example –

Input – 

abcdc

Output –

ba

9. LCM of 3 numbers

Sum of Odd Factors
Perfect Squares
Number of possible Triangles in the given range
Pattern Printing(print in form of X, Squares, Right angle Triangle)